Meeting Title: Short recording
Date: May 16
Meeting participants: Vihaan Sharma

Transcript:
 
Me: All Floor real quick. Okay, so we're gonna think. So it's like this is an X post, right? And there's a, hey, there's a high phone happening here, correct? Right. There's actually not happening here. Everyone who likes this X post, right, will now get sent a link. How they get sent this link on X. What the. What are you talking Are you making a post? You make a post that there's a hackathon. You provide a link. Yeah, they go to the link and then they can just like they basically just like voice message kind of. Yeah or anything, right? Yeah. Literally any sort of input and then it builds a profile on you. It uses gbrain uses gbrain to build a personal brain and then everyone yeah, uses the hosted gbrain service to actually build the brain if it has an api if it doesn't we're kind of fucked better have an api yeah and then we use g stack to actually build out the product and basically what happens is when they enter their information we're gonna put them into a zero entropy fucking embedding space and with all their interests and all of their stuff all their profiles it builds a gbrain of them of that individual yeah right and then that g brain you know feel like like you know it's like the same node structure right yeah it's the same kind of nose structure with the similar nodes it will connect those users right and then those two users and now you can go to the site and you can see the users who highly match with you and why they highly match exactly and then the marketing tactic we used to launch it is just go around and be like like this Twitter post and you can see everyone here who's interested in the same stuff as you so it sounds I don't know I just walked in on this but definitely there's this generic piece where you run it with an agent given a list of ex post whatever x URLs profiles right then it creates then it imports into your system gives you a sexy UI does that and just to bootstrap and launch it you're gonna do an expose but in the future there could be other sources to feed it yeah like luma exactly. Okay, so it's gonna map their x profile linkedin profile everything all the profiles search them up on like happenstance or some shit I don't know yeah, you're gonna you could either use what I'm building or composers probably yeah yeah I use composing like every project ever yeah. And yeah, that's pretty much it and then you get to search who has your interest who's building the same stuff as you are you'll connect on like connect on linkedin yeah your profiles and shit yeah exactly so it's like better luma. And that's it yeah imagine imagine okay this is kind of expanding off. Imagine like you can like see like your second mutual on like their second mutual you can see a graph on it yeah and then you can see like oh I should connect with the Cyrus because he knows somebody who might get me set up with someone else yeah that'd be pretty cool because if you can do if it can see your linkedin network yeah or your ex following your ex followers your linkedin network all those kind of stuff and then you can it can build like a second like kind of you know okay this person's like network right oh so you can get like warm intro to somebody else yeah exactly yeah that's a good idea. That happens dancing now half a sense as an API they do yeah shit let's go but I would keep it MVP and then later you can add something just make it so that. You can find the right matches and know who these option you know before I don't think it happened since has like a knowledge graph kind of UI where you can like see the graph and shit you don't want an autograph kind of UI though cuz knowledge graphs are like or no just a graph UI just a graph UI do you want to graph UI yeah cuz then you can easily see who's connected to somebody else way more. What do you mean the back end would be a graph but the actual UI should be a list because I don't want to scroll through a graph to be like okay okay you know when they did have you seen them do one of these and it's a graph and it's horrible to traverse visually oh really yeah they send me the epicurist to it but it's hard to use I'm just like trying to search for this specific no I think you can make it a much better because we don't it's like just it looks cool you can just like search for like you can just filter it out and stuff. Oh it could be like epicurus where like like right now what app cures is like half the screen is a graph half of it is a list yeah the graph is just like fucking crazy this and the graph just moves yeah, that's what I'm saying it's just it's just it grays out everything else other than the connections that you actually have is it going to proactively find new people you want to talk to are you going to type in the people you want to talk to or is it going to do both I think it would be helpful if you recognize like three people you talked yeah and then also a period if you really want to make it funny and I don't recommend you do this I haven't recommend two people you shouldn't talk to them like the least compatible youe're like completely enough that might be the person you want to talk to yeah I would say you guys should or we can just do something like their their opinions differ from you I think you now you have enough to start delegating work and then being like okay who's going to do what part and then add detail yeah so for example like the front end you don't need to know what that looks like up front the other I think the part I've seen people really this one we're not thinking through enough is the magic so whoever's going to lead that be down jam with it or not talk like it's really adjacent to epicurious like the way we kind of match I guess like not really the matching algorithm yeah yeah the way we find it we can like all be recently but the thing is like one thing let's get a simple UI like I'll take four seconds yeah sure let me just send this Granola in the
